I slept with mccallister.
So how was he?
What kind of guys do you go for?
Come on, chad, what's his type?
(Sarah) I thought things
were getting better.
(Joe) they are.
Then why did I feel like the other woman
When I walked in here?
There is no one else
that I would rather be with.
Your father was going to buy
the winery.
He died before he could
give you the vineyard.
He wanted you to run it.
Dad had another kid, with holly.
Her name is rebecca.
(Chad) did you sleep with him?
That's all I want to know.
You don't, actually.
I think
the investment is right,
And I think
it's what dad wanted.
I'm voting with holly.
(Rosie thomas' "since you've
been around" playing)
(Heavy breathing)
(Grunts)
Joe? Did you...
It's all right.
(Sighs)
It's fine.
* I'm wandering, I'm crawling *
But, joe, you didn't...
did you?
It's fine, sarah.
* just can't seem
to get around *
* and I'm heavy, I'm weary *
* I'm not thinking clearly *
(Sarah) something's
been happening in bed.
Lately, I haven't been able
to let go.
I just get a wave of...
Yeah, so I'm about to...
Uh, let go,
and something blocks it.
(Man) blocks it?
Do you think maybe you're
thinking about someone else?
Like... you don'yoreally
wanna be there with me?
Th's not true.
I get tired, thinking of
the kids and teaching and--
Oh, come on, joe.
When we're making love,
I don't think you're thinking about teaching.
Just say it then.
It's jessica's mom, vanessa.
You can't let go with me
Because you're thinking
about her, and you feel guilty.
Vanessa?
The mother of one of paige's friends.
Sarah's convinced I have a thing
for her, which is not true.
I just think that this whole
withholding thing began
When you became friends
with her.
You know, teaching her
how to play "proud mary"
Or whatever it was.
Our kids have playdates.
Yeah, our kids, joe, not us.
We don't get to play.
We have to stop now.
Would you like to have
another session this week?
I think it would be
productive. Hmm?
Hmm, how about thursday
at 4:00?
Um, just...
that's good.
4:00? 4:30?
4:00.
Okay, 00 it is.
So, senator,
the "san jose mercury news"
Wants an interview
about the strategic alliances
Between silicon valley
and the asian markets, senator.
Who's it with?
Uh, who's it with? It's with bruce newman, senator.
He hates me.
In his last editorial,
He said I wasn't as smart
as hillary clinton,
But I was prettier.
Oh. Uh, well, do you want me to cancel it, senator?
Schedule it over the phone.
Maybe he'll
hear my ideas better
If he's not getting lost
in my blue eyes.
(Chuckles)
And by the way,
Stop calling me "senator"
every five seconds.
It's oddly disconcerting.
Well, it seems that
the whole world knows about us.
"People" magazine
ran a photograph.
"Page six" has a paragraph
about us "canoodling."
And I'm expecting
a phone call from
The "congressional quarterly"
at any moment.
So therefore,
I now have to reestablish
my professional standing
With every single solitary
person in this office, senator.
Kitty, look around.
Nobody cares.
Really? Then why is everybody
looking at me like
I'm the biggest slattern of the pacific rim?
"Slattern"?
While you come off like
some conquering, postmodern,
Latter day kennedy--Not that
I'm angry out that.
Kitty,
this is the field office
Of the junior senator
from california,
Not the lunchroom
at malibu high.
They're all serious-Minded
public servants
Working to end poverty,
Make education
and health care better.
They're legislating,
governing...
We're making
a better america.
Oh, my god, you sound like
a bumper sticker.
A good one? 'Cause that's one of
the slogans we're working on
For the campai.
"We're making a better america." What do you think?
I think it's subronic.
Well, noreen ran a field poll
on it, and america agreed.
It scored in the 80s.
Well,
america is sometimes wrong.
I think the democrats
are already using that one.
Well, i, uh,
i better leave.
Because if I stay in here
any longer,
Everybody's going to assume that
we are going at it like weasels.
Kitty.
No one in this offe is
thinking about sex, just you.
Right.
Wow.
Cute outfit, by the way.
(Sighs)
With no other business,
Thank god this meeting
is adjourned.
I'm sorry, holly. I hope
there are no hard feelings.
(Sighs) hey, I lost this one.
You won.
It's only business, right?
Well, the board agreed it wasn't
the best time to buy a vineyard.
Sorry you two were outvoted.
Tommy, thanks for voting with your gut.
Yeah.
This never should have come to a vote.
We should've
settled this quietly.
The board doesn't need to see
us divided. That's a first.
Oh, two of us voted with the family, saul.
I didn't vote
As some cool rebellion against
you. I studied the numbers.
I wanted to buy it  because it's a good deal.
In your opinion,
Which was not shared by the board.
All right, kids, come on.
Put this one to bed, okay?
(Under breh)
peace in our time.
I studied
the numbers, too, tommy.
You seem to forget that
i actually know what I'm doing.
That's why I'm here.
Remember?
When you're blesd
with a daughter
Who graduated with honors
From the wharton school of business...
(whispers) dad.
Uh, you hope for the day
when you might convince her
To share the benefit
of a rather expensive education.
So after begging her
and cajoling her,
I finally convinced
This wonderful, beautiful
brilliant woman
To take a leave of absence
From her fancy corporate job
at north light coffee,
And temporarily
comend help her old man out.
It's my pleasure, daddy.
(Nora) maybe my paintings
are in the other box upstairs.
Well, I'm not dragging any more
boxes out of the attic, mom.
I just want an opinion
Before I think about
classes or art school.
Why is my opinion
Of your artistic talent
relevant?
Because, kevin,
you have a certain something
That your other siblings lack--  An aesthetic.
You mean 'cause I'm gay.
Oh.
Oh. Here...
Oh. Okay, now st tell me
what you think.
God, I remember
when I did this.
I was about 20,
taking art classes.
I hadn't even
met your dad yet.
I just thought I could
do anything, just be an artist.
It's bad. All right,
i knew it. I just...
(Sighs) I just feel like
i have so much to say.
(Cell phone rings)
Ooh, look at this.
What is it, chad?
Kevin, listen...
I need to talk to you.
(Sighs) I don't think so.
Just meet me. Please?
I broke up with michelle.
Come on, just meet me, please.
North light coffee,
figueroa and 6th. Half an hour.
Listen to this--
I can't. I have to go, mom.
No, listen to this.
It was a short story I was
writing and then abandoned
Right before
your father and I got married.
Short stories? Painting?
Who knew you were so creative?
Just listen.
"She drove up
the coast road, crying.
"Deep down, she knew that love
was a lie she had sold herself
"So she wouldn't
grow old alone,
A lie that would
cost her everything."
Wow, mom. That's...
that's heavy.
I never finished it.
I guess I got too scared.
See you later.
Bye.
(Chad) something's
happening to me.
I just
keep thinking about you.
Look, that--That may be,
But I can't do this whole
push and pull routine.
You know,
it's so retrograde.
And I'm sorry, I'm not slinking
back into some closet for you.
Politilly, it's--
Forget closets. Forget politics.
I was really happy
waking up next to you.
I don't know what it is.
You're an actor.
You're acting.
You're going after
your "goal"
Or whatever the hell
they call it.
They teach you this crap
in acting school.
I didn't go to school,
and I'm not that good an actor.
Just one date.
Hey, noreen, can I get a copy
of the new polling data?
Which poll
are you talking about?
Well, the ones where
you tested the new slogans.
Oh, that one. Yeah.
Why? Is there another one?
Oh, there's always another poll.
It's endless.
I have numbers
on the senator's tie color
If you want to see those.
Actually, I wanna see all the data that you get.
Can you c.C. Me
on everything?
These polling numbers
are giving me heartburn.
Oh, kitty. Hi.
Hi, gary. (Chuckles)
What are those numbers?
It's...
Can I see?
Thank you.
Wait a minute, wait a minute,
wait a minute.
You did--You did--
You did a poll on me?
Not bad. We got some decent
press coverage.
Not to mention, kitty,
that was fantastic.
You and the kids
and the cooking and everything.
Very warm. Very warm.
I love that.
Okay, I'll get the car.
So that's what this
was all about?
Making me look cuddly
for public consumption?
You're not talking about that stupid poll, are you?
So you did know about it.
Well, senator,
You better tell me right now
that you didn't order it,
Or you will have the world's
first assassinion by spatula.
Look, of course
i didn't order it.
It was a misguided attempt
by a well-Meaning staffer
Who wanted to assess
the public's perception
Of my personal strengths and liabilities.
Oh, except it wasn't about
Your personal strengths
and liabilities.
It was about mine,
and whether or not
America is going to approve of us as a couple.
It was a mistake.
It's been taken care of.
Let's move on.
Well, no, no, no, please,
just tell me who requested it.
It was noreen, wasn't it?
Oh, what does it matter who--
Yes, it was noreen.
Okay, but the numbers are
completely off. I promise you.
Oh. Why? What were they?
You didn't read the poll?
No.
I accidentally crumpled it up
into a tiny, little ball.
Good.
Let's keep it that way.
You coming?
Uh, uh, no.
No, I'm--I'm gonna, um...
You go ahead.
I'll see you there.
I'm gonna ride with gary.
Uh, so, gary, you--You think
i could bring my numbers up
With a few more
of these events?
Well, we're never gonna get you
into positive range,
But maybe we can bump you up
out of the low 30s.
The lows 30s? Wow.
Wow, i-I was in
the low 30s?
Low to mid.
"Low to mid"?
(Knock on door)
tommy?
Hey, saul, listen,
i-I need to ask you something.
Anything. What is it?
You have a relationship
with holly
That nobody else does...
Obviously.
Find something out for me.
Look, I need to know
if she was telling the truth
About dad buying the winery
for me to run,
Or if she just made
the whole thing up
To, you know, get my vote.
Look, she would never
do anything like that.
But I want you
to listen to me.
You have to move on.
No. If my dad died before
he had a chance to tell me
He believed in me,
in my abilities...
I need--I need to know that.
Why would you even
doubt that?
Don't you know?
You are him.
Am i?
Yes.
So why did he take
the company from me, saul?
The union's not gonna stand for
these huge deductibles.
In case of
catastrophic illness,
We'll pay
the employee deductible
And still save 20%.
(Chuckles)
look at you two.
I can't tell you
how much this warms my heart,
To see the two of you guys
working togeth.
And how proud I am to have
two members of my family
Who wanna be a part
of what i've built here.
I'm very grateful.
(Sarah) thanks, daddy.
Tommy, you listen to your sister
now. She knows her stuff.
I know, dad.
Now I think I may have
Talked her into making it
permanent.
Okay, you guys
get back to work.
I'm gonna go home,
hug your mother,
Tell her what a great job
she did with you two.
Good night.
Night, dad.
Look, tommy--
It's okay.
I knew this was coming.
I just wish
you would've told me up front
This is what you wanted.
Nothing's been decided.
It's, um, you know,
it wasn't planned.
It's just kind of...
fallen into place.
Look, i've spent 12 years
learning this business.
In a matter of weeks,
You've turned me
into a-A junior partner.
Oh, come on.
It didn't happen by accident.
It didn't just fall into place.
Look, tommy, all i've done
is come here and work hard.
If there was a plan,
it was dad's, not mine.
Maybe he's the one
you should be mad at.
(Vanessa) it was one of those
friendly divorces.
You know, everyone was betr off.
How do you manage work
And bringing a kid up
by yourself?
(Laughs) I have
a good mom, a nanny,
And I can do graphic design
from home, thank god.
(Door closes)
well, that's good.
Hey. Oh.
Hi.
Hi, vanessa.
Hey.
Hi, hon. Tea?
Tea? Uh, no.
Uh, sarah invited me
for a grown-Up playdate.
Cool. That's great.
The girls are upstairs drawing,
if you wanna say hi.
Yeah.
I'll go check on the girls.
You know what it felt like?
It felt like
i was being sidelined,
Like you were co-Opting my frid and spying on me.
No, I just--
I wanted to get to know her,
to--To see what you--
This woman,
i have no interest in her.
Sarah?
With all you've learned recently
about your father
And his infidelities...
That could have
some bearing here, no?
I don't know. Maybe.
I won't pay
for william's crimes.
And I won't pay for the fact
that I am trying
To have a career
and be a wife and mom.
God, I dream of ing at home
to watch those kids grow up!
Sarah, I don't blame you
for working.
I choose to be
a stay-At-Home dad.
(Scoffs) you have no idea
how small the day can be.
I mean, it's...
peanut butter sandwiches
And scrapes
and picking them up,
And... that's fine.
But don't begrudge me
Being hungry for a little bit
of adult company
In the midst of all that.
Oh, I'm not
enough company for you?
You're--You're looking
for something.
I'm not enough for you.
Am I enough for you?
Honestly, am I enough?
God! This is just hell,
coming here.
It's just...
Hell.
(Nora) oh, sarah,
you don't really think
Anything happened between
joe and vanessa?
No, but it's brought up
some things from my past
I haven't come to terms with.
Sarah,
tell me what's happening.
Ugh. Okay.
One of the reasons that
i left north light so abruptly
Was that
there was this man there...
Noah.
Nothing happened, but...
It could have.
There was a connection.
He, you know, had passions,
Had made himself
in the world.
I found myself
looking forward to seeing him.
I started to dress for it
And make myself...
beautiful.
Yeah.
Oh, god, we came so close.
It was--Whoa,
it was like vertigo.
And joe, does joe know?
No. No, i've never told him.
Now you're playing
"what if..."
What if you'd
gone through with it?
Have--Have you
seen noah again?
No. No, i-I-I don't think
it's about noah.
No, I don't think so either.
It is about you d joe.
There's this terrible,
bruised silence between us.
Therapy's not helping.
I don't know what to do.
Tell him.
Sarah, tell joe everything.
En I think about
your father, and...
How much torture
he must have gone through,
Holding all those secrets
so close for so long--
Sarah,
just tell joe everything.
What would you have done,
If he'd told you?
Well...
I'll never have the chance
to find out, will i?
Oh, my god.
Tommy, lk at our baby.
I can't believe
i saw our baby's face.
Can you do that again?
I'll try.
He's being a little shy.
He?
Or she.
Because I definitely think I saw
a penis go by a minute ago.
Look, right--Right there.
What's that?
That's a thumb.
A big thumb.
(Laughs) in case you can't tell,
doctor, my husband wants a boy.
That is not true.
I would love a little girl.
Mmm.
Feet! Oh, look at those
adorable little toes.
Look! See? Right there,
that's definitely a penis!
No, that would be a foot.
Doc, I'm about eight years shy
of my medical degree,
T I'm pretty sure
that makes three feet.
Yep, and that right there...
Is the fourth one.
(Laughs)
Oh, my god!
Twins?
Congratulations.
(Laughs)
you okay with at?
Yes! Oh, my god,
i get to be a dad twice.
What could be better than that?
Hey, do it again. I wanna...
(Knock on door)
Hi.
You left the dinner
For concerned women of america
so quickly,
You didn't get dessert,
so I brought you some.
Well, they were looking a little
less concerned there at the end,
So I snuck out.
I pe I'm not coming by
too late.
No, no.
Justin and nora are out.
Good.
Mmm.
I have got to do that
more often.
Oh, well, you may wanna
check with your handlers first.
You're not still upset  about that poll.
Well, of course I'm still upset
I mean, what I don't understand is how come you're not.
Because I don't care
Well,
that's not what I mean.
I--I'm talking about
why isn't--The pson
Who--Who did this
still has a job.
I-I told you
Well--Well, I guess
i don't do what I'm told,
Because look--
Look right here...
I'm "overbearing"
and I'm "opinionated."
Oh, and another thing--
"Aloof."
Now that's a big one.
Apparently, I'm very aloof.
Kitty...
No, no, no,
maybe you're just reacting
To my general
"lack of warmth." Mm-Hmm.
Or maybe it's just my general
appearance is wrong. I'm--
Stop it.
No, my hair is too blonde or my clothes are too expensive.
Or maybe I'm just too damn thin.
Are you done?
No. I wanna know why
noreen the polling witch
Still has a job.
This has nothing to do with  noreen, and you know it.
You know what? I give that
a 5--Strongly disagree.
All right, kitty, listen,
when this fever
Of thin-Skinned behavior's passed, we'll talk.
Oh.
Mom, whaare you doing?
Nothing. Nothing. I just gotere
And found justin here lurking at the front door.
I wasn't lurking.
Then why didn't you go in?
Because kitty was
yelling at the senator, mom.
Justin, it really isn't any of our business.
You know, I think this is
No, no. No, really,
you guys go ahead.
We'll just get out of your way.
Oh, look a swan.
Mom.
Nora, kitty, good night.
Justin.
Good night.
We'll talk tomorrow.
(Sighs)
you were yelling at him?
Mmm. Mm-Hmm, and you were right.
It's none of your business.
Yes, yes, of course.
I just hope it was about
funding for the arts. (Laughs)
(Nora) justin, come on!
Come here. Come here.
Do you, um...
Do--Do you think
that I'm aloof?
Yeah.
Are you gonna eat this?
Everybody gives me
the same damn advice
When I say I miss you.
They say, "talk to him..."
Like you'll answer.
I mean, lately, i'd just like
to ask you what the...
What the hell is going on.
You left
so many plans unfinished.
Unfinished.
(Sniffles)
I'm having kids... two...
A boy and a girl.
This is not the way
i imagined
Breaking that bit of news
to you.
Truth is, i...
I hope I'm smart enough
To give 'em the good bits
you gave me and...
I hope to god I can
spare them your other side.
(William)
so what is this, tommy?
You come all the way
out here
Just to spout off
and leave?
There's nothing
left to say, dad.
You tell me to be patient,
to trust you,
And then you--You hand sarah
the business.
I mean,
how--How blind are you?
Do you think that left me
feeling okay?!
I had no idea you were so jealous about your sister.
Oh, you didn't?
I'm human, okay?
I mean, I thought
i was doing a good job for you.
I-I thought you trusted me.
What did I do wrong, dad?
You didn't do--You didn't...
please tell me,
what did I do wrong?
You didn't do anything wrong.
Tommy, i've always
had plans for you.
(Scoffs) that's your mantra,
isn't it?
Well, what are they?
Tell me.
Nothing solid yet.
You've just gotta  patient.
When the time comes, I'm--
(Holly)
william? Where'd you go?
I'm opening another bottle!
What are you gonna do,
tommy?
Nothing, dad. I'm...
I'm just gonna
go back to work, okay?
(Door opens and closes)
Well, this is fun.
Home on a saturday night,
just like the good old days.
You were never home on a saturday night.
I was, too, when I was grounded
So actually, we were home
a lot of saturday nights.
Mmm! God, this is good.
I think that's why
tyler likes me again.
Because I made her one,
And now she's like
my little prisoner of love.
I can't believe you got tyler
back. I mean, it's unbelievable.
You spend your whole life
Being forgiven
and making girls forget.
Don't worry.
It's nonalcoholic.
And that's the point, right?
I mean, you--
You sort of take new paths.
It's, like, the adult thing
to do, I guess.
Oh, god.
They did this poll...
You know,
as if I were an issue--
Which I guess
i probably am--
Like global warming
or, you know, his tan.
But it was--
It was really--
So demeaning
and so unsubstantial.
And do you know that they
actually said I was overbearing?
Will you stop bitching?
Okay, I mean,
it was your dumb-Ass choice
To go into politics
in the first place.
And you spent what, years
writing about other people?
But now you're in it.
It's not like watching anymore.
It's like war.
Hmm. And what exactly
is your point?
All right, the senator
is a soldier, right?
A good one,
maybe even a great one,
And he and everyone
who works for him
St want the best intel
for the mission.
And you know what?
You're a factor.
Like, a big factor.
I liked you so much better
when you were stupid.
You're stupid.
You're stupider.
You're the stupidest.
Aw. Look at you two.
It reminds me
of when you were kids.
Um, would you
listen to something
From my writing class?
Now I really just want  a very honest reaction, okay?
Uh, well,
Because justin is in
one of his truth-Telling moods.
I hate you.
All right, here we go.
"As she drove up the coast road,
she considered her options.
"There was always drugs
or running away
"Or taking on a new identity
"In one of those towns
up the coast
"Where nobody would know her,
"Except it would have to be
very far up the coast,
Because dora was
so well-Known on that coast--"
Dora?
It's fiction.
Look at the two ofou.
All right, all right. Here we go.
(Whispers) stop it. Stop.
"Dora sped into the night,
dreaming of freedom...
An impossible freedom
and a new life."
A new life?
(Justin) it's good, mom.
It's really--Dora--
(Kitty) yeah.
Thanks. Thanks,
thanks, thanks.
(Kevin) this is for you.
(Chad) thanks.
Whoa.
"Letters to a young poet."
Yeah, my mom has suddenly
taken up writing,
So I got her a copy,
And I thought
you might like one, too.
Uh, have you read it?
It's only
my "due north," kevin.
"Love is difficult.
"For one human being
to love another human being--
"That is the most difficult task
that has been entrusted to us,
"The final test and proof,
"The work for which
all other work
Is merely preparation."
Wow. And, um...
Do you believe that?
That love is difficult?
I've never been good at it.
I mean, look at me and you.
Is it easy for you?
Um, I would say
i-I basically screw it up.
Yeah, or become
wildly interested
In the chronically,
hugely, available.
Like you, for instance
Kevin, you really have no idea
how available I am.
You know,
whatever journey i've been on,
I think at age 34, i've...
Finally, maybe found out
who I wanna be,
And where I wanna go.
And who I wanna
go there with.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
This is the greatest friggin'
restaurant on earth, isn't it?
Hello?
Kevin?
It's michelle.
Chad's michelle.
Look, you shld know this--
Oh, god.
Um, what--What... (sighs)
Why--Why are you doing this?
'Cause I like you,
that's why.
He's done this before.
It's his thing.
He's gonna get real close to you
and then he's gonna be tortured.
And he's gonna
find some girl...
Like me,
And you're never going
to speak to him again... ever.
(Sighs)
he hurt you, didn't he?
No.
I'll be fine.
It's you I'm worried about.
E?
U've been very quiet.
Your wife has said she almost
had an affair with another man.
Am I supposed
to be relieved she didn't?
Or grateful or frightened?
I just...
When I saw you with vanessa,
I thought
you must have been feeling
What I had been feeling
with noah.
And if I did
have feelings for vanessa,
That would justify you being
angry at me all the time?
I don't know why
she is so angry at me,
At who I am.
I mean, i... (sighs)
I was in a band, I was young,
i was living that life, and...
I settled down,
And now the deal
is changing on me.
I-I thought that was enough.
Why?
It's a good question.
Sarah?
Because I want more.
We're too young
to be freezing each other out,
To not be having
passionate sex,
To--To not have anything
to talk about,
And I can't imagine
Living the rest of my life
like this.
We used to... be something.
And I don't know
what's happened.
I don't know.
Can you tell me?
Everybody
used to be something, sarah.
I already have one
failed marriage under my belt.
I'm doing the best
that I can here. I'm--I'm...
Why the hell
can't you help us?!
You sit there doing nothing!
We're drowning!
I assumed you knew it was me
at the ranch that night.
No, I didn't want to know
who it was.
It was easier to convince myself
it hadn't happened.
Your father asked me to go
with him to look at the winery.
He wanted to buy it
For the two of you
to work there together,
But he was gonna
have to go into too much debt.
It was too much of a risk,
And he was afraid
that he would lose everything,
Fail his family.
Broke his heart.
I-I told you
all of this already, tommy.
He wanted you
to run the winery.
Yeah..
But now I believe you.
(Kitty) what's this?
That's the first poll  they ever did
When I ran for congress
a years ago.
You're kidding.
Mm-Hmm.
See?
(Laughs) I was
twice as aloof as you.
I totally kicked your ass
in aloof.
Off the charts
in "inexperienced."
"Callow, a lightweight,
a leftie, a commie,
A right-Wing hawk, a psycho,
a pretty boy, a playboy--"
"A hair candidate"?
(Sighs)
What's that?
I don't know,
But I won that election
with 62% of the vote.
America doesn't know
what it wants, kitty.
That's what the poll
is saying.
They don't even know me yet,
And that's why I hired you--
To cut through the crap
And tell 'em who I am
and what I stand for.
And trust me,
You will never, ever
be a liability.
Hmm.
I hope not, because I really
like doi that a lot.
Of course you do.
You're a strumpet.
A slattern.
Right. Sorry.
You have to go now.
Why?
Because people are gonna think
we're doing it like weasels?
Which is an image I cannot get out of my head, by the way.
Just go, go, go.
I've--I've gotta make hair boy
look presidential.
Senator hair boy. Please.
(Sarah) you're telling me
That you're going
into business with holly harper?
What are you thinking?!
This is like
a bad tommy joke, right?
'Cause I'm really not
in the mood.
Sit down.
I can't believe
That you are seriously
thinking about this vineyard.
Just sit down.
Okay.
Sarah, if I don't
take a risk now, I never will.
I mean, I'll be just another kid
whose dad built a great business
And who walked into it.
I need to fail or succeed
at something on my own terms
Before it's too late.
You have an obligation
to ojai!
I have an obligation
Our father might've created
this great business,
But it doesn't mean
we have to be in lockstep,
Caring for it at the expense
of our own dreams.
I mean, is that what it means
to be family?
Would you want that
for cooper or paige?
Listen...
You're gonnauy
all my interest in ojai foods.
We can't--
Holly and i
Are gonna take the proceeds
from the sale of the stock
And buy greendale winery.
I will stay on
as an employee,
But the company...
it's yours now.
And that's
what's happening, okay?
And you'll stay on here?
Yeah. I mean, if we can
start operations here... sure.
I...
I can't lose you, tommy,
and, um...
I can't fight anymore,
not with anyone.
You okay?
No.
But I don't wanna
talk about it, okay?
I think you're crazy
to go into business with her.
But I'll watch your back,
And I'll drink your wine--
Probably all of it.
And one more thing,
yocan tell her this,
You can tell her
That if she screwsith you,
i will kill her.
I swear to god, I will.
That's what I'm counting on.
(Whispers) come here.
Could we talk
before I go back to work?
I've just had enough talk.
In fact,
i've had enough therapy.
I knew something was up
with noah.
I'm not
going back there anymore.
I promise
i won't let you down.
We are gonna make beautiful wine
together, tommy.
So we have a deal?
(Laughs) is it all right if i
just jump up and down a little?
I think that's allowed.
Oh, your father
would be so proud of you!
He's here with us.
He's watching us. I know it.
I should--I should go.
Oh, I'm sorry.   I-I didn't mean--
No, no, it's fine. It's fine.00:54:47.5:I'll see you at the office
tomorrow and we'll--
(Knock on door)
(woman) it's me! Never mind,
the key's under the mat.
Oh, no.
The prodigal daughter returns...
a day early.
Rebecca, I thought
you were coming tomorrow.
Oh, my god.
Yeah, i-I got a ride. I thought
it'd be a nice surprise.
Oh, it... (laughs)
it--It's a wonderful surprise.
I get the feeling
maybe my timing's a little off.
I'm interrupting something.
(Holly) no, no, no, it's okay.
Uh, this is tom walker.
Hi.
You're a little young
for my mom, aren't you?
Rebecca.
We're business associates.
Oh, of course.
I-I-I should go.
Yeah.
It was nice to meet you,
rebecca.
Nice to meet you.
My god, mom,
he's so cute!
(Knock on door)
Five calls to you
unanswered.
What did I do?
I got a call,
and  wigged me out.
Oh, god, michelle.
Yeah.
Look, I thought she might.
She's just going throu--
You'll forgive me
if I'm a little freaked.
I mean, is this gonna be like
"fatal attraction"?
Can I please just come in?
No.
How many michelles
have there been?
How many kevins?
Yeah,
we know I have a history.
Yeah.
I can't change that.
What a club--
Schmucky men and women
who lose their minds around you
And behave like
helpless morons.
You're built to seduce and run,
chad. You can't help it.
I just feel like
whatever I say,
You're just gonna say
I'm an actor acting.
What do I have to do
to prove to you
That I'm trying to be in good faith with you?
Look, hamlet,
I'm prepping a case, oy.
You can't distract me.
I won't talk.
I have lines to learn
for tomorrow.
I save baltimore.
So what's your case about?
What they're all about--
Lies and broken promises.
I hate you.
Come in.
Thank you.
(Tommy) hey, everybody,
we have an announcement. Julia.
Oh, uh, okay.
Well, um, here goes.
We're adding two new walkers
to the lineup.
Oh!
No way!
(Laughs) oh, twins!
(Kevin) twins?!
Yeah.
Oh, my goodness!
(Kitty) oh, my god!
We don't have any other twins
in the family.
Okay, okay. Names, names, names.
We have to do names.
We need both kinds.
(Gasps) oh!
A boy and a girl?!
Oh!
I'm so happy! Yes!
Does anyone think it's too early
for another william?
Well, the world could always use
another william walker.
Why can't you say anything,
One thing
to make this feel better?
There are no shortcuts,
sarah,
In life or in love.
This pain must be felt.
The alternative
is much worse.
It's what makes us special,
What makes us beautiful,
What... what makes us worthy,
The--The pain
of how we love.
But that pain is accompanied
by something else, isn't it?
Hope.
With your pain, there is hope,
and that is where you are...
Somewhere between
agony and optimism and prayer.
So you're human.
You're alive.
And that is what we have.
Yeah.
Come back tomorrow.
We'll go on.
Capture by frm@maoren
Synced by frm@qqchua
welcome to www.1000fr.Com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org